this is tutorial 10-7 and this is how to
edit 3d objects we're gonna start off
where we left off and we're going to
zoom into this area right here and the
first thing we're going to do is you're
going to right click on here and choose
your 3d editor once again you come in
toolbars and choose it from there so
whichever one is easier for you we're
going to right click on buildings and
we're going to go to data and we're
going to export that data and the reason
we're doing this is so we no corrupt the
original data so we're just going to
name this 3d buildings
and we're gonna click okay I'm gonna add
it and we're gonna turn off the original
now you can see that it didn't show up
that's because we have to drape it so
we're just gonna right click go to
properties base how I eat we need it to
flow and we need it to extrude it that
way it's 3d okay
there we go No
one of the things they're going to have
us do is go up here click start editing
we're gonna choose our 3d buildings and
they want us to use this right here edit
vertex tool we're going to click on this
building right here which they tell us
is us steel tower and we're going to
click on this button right here which is
the attributes now this gives us the
attributes for that that one feature as
you can see the height is a 700 they
want us to change that to a thousand
then click tap or hit tab on your
computer as you can see it's thinking
what it will do is it will change the
height of this from 700 to a thousand
okay and with that done we can they want
us now to move a building and they're
going to have a smooth this building
right here and we're going to use this
edit placement tool click on the stadium
here
right click and drag it right here you
can ignore the that red circle on the
bottom there that has actually under the
ten and I so you just click and drag and
release when you pleat want to place it
I have it right here
it takes used to getting to move around
3d objects so just practice with that
and that's it for this tutorial what
they want you to do though is uh stop
editing they want you to save your edits
so you just click yes
and whenever you add those these this
stadium will no longer be here but over
here and this building will no longer be
700,000